# Global Vulnerability Intelligence Project

## May 20, 2025

### Participants:

* Olle E. Johansson, Edvina, Sweden, [olle.e.johansson@owasp.org](mailto:olle.e.johansson@owasp.org)  
* Marta Biznot (Chicago, IL), martabiznotfoobar@gmail.com  
* Art Manion (US, zmanion@protonmail.com)  
* Josh Bressers, Anchor, USA, [josh@bress.net](mailto:josh@bress.net)  
* Prajeet Guha, OWASP, prajeet.guha@owasp.org  
* Jon Moroney, RedHat, USA, darakian@gmail.com  
* Nishit Majithia (Canonical, [nishit.majithia@canonical.com](mailto:nishit.majithia@canonical.com) )  
* Eduardo Barretto (Canonical, eduardo.barretto@canonical.com)  
* Dirk-Willem van Gulik (ASF, dirkx(at)apache(dot)org)  
* Ayush Singh (ARPSyndicate, ayush(at)arpsyndicate(dot)io)  
* Alistair Woodman (Erlang Ecosystem Foundation (EEF))  
* Astor Nummelin Carlberg, OpenForum Europe, [astor@openforumeurope.org](mailto:astor@openforumeurope.org)  
* CRob, (OpenSSF) [crob@openssf.org](mailto:crob@openssf.org)      
* Aleksandar Shopski, Independent Security Consultant, [alex.shopski@outlook.com](mailto:alex.shopski@outlook.com)  
* Luci Stanescu (Canonical), [luci.stanescu@canonical.com](mailto:luci.stanescu@canonical.com)  
* Jay Jacobs, [jay@empiricalsecurity.com](mailto:jay@empiricalsecurity.com)  
* Jean-Baptiste Maillet (France, maillet(dot)jb(at)gmail(dot)com)

### Agenda:

* Recording notice \- we will stop recording ten minutes before end time to allow for people to discuss off-record  
* Presentation of the overall project  
* Requirements in the base document  
* Open discussion

Notes:

* Astor Nummelin Carlberg:
  * Software Heritage, Roberto  
  * The Global Fund (Bill Gates)  
* Dirk-Willem:
  * Make sure we have the right stakeholders  
  * The legislation is driven by society, citizens‚Ä¶  
  * Analyse why the system has worked so well for so long  
    * Suggestion: It was left alone by the government \- yet it was there in the background; ensuring that a certain (low) level of compliance was safer than attract the ire of regulators present in the wings.  
* Jay Jacobs (chat): ‚ÄúMy biggest concern here is that we are not talking about creating a trusted global org, we are talking about creating ANOTHER trusted global org. We should acknowledge that every org (CISA, CVE foundation, EUVD, etc) all have a slide deck that looks like this one.‚Äù  
* Patrick Garrity:  
  * The coordination is complex. Most organisations want to do less, not more.  
* Rob van der Veer:  
  * CWE is a related issue  
  * OpenCRE is a platform for taxonomy  
* Jon: Add this software scope  
* Jan THielscher:   
  * Break down issue in different workstreams  
  * Everyone wants to achieve something and contribute, workstreams can achieve something  
* **CROB (chat)**: ‚ÄúAs we proceed, we‚Äôll want to ensure we‚Äôve decomposed the problem down into several streams to ensure focus/clarity (and to ensure the correct stakeholders are engaged).  I see we collectively want to address the Vuln Identifiers, the additional data that goes along with that ID (think the ‚Äúenhancements‚Äù the NVD or an ADP provides), software identifiers, SBOMs, and finally advisories (a VDR, VEX, etc.).  In our talks to date, these adjacent streams are often conflated, which slows overall progress.‚Äù  
* **Prajeet Guha (chat)**: ‚ÄúAn interim governance body that can work on coordination and get more organizations into this intiative will be good. In order to get larger organization, we may have to come up with a proof of concept of the idea that we want to represent and weigh into the fact how it is better compared to existing ones.‚Äù  
* [Art Manion](mailto:zmanion@protonmail.com): I very much agree with the need for global scope, especially for names/IDs. Many nations/governments will still have their own databases, so a global solution needs to account for these national systems (and ideally national systems would work with a global system).  
* [Art Manion](mailto:zmanion@protonmail.com): Also (part of federation/distribution), efficiency matters, see [Cybersecurity and the Least Cost Avoider](https://www.lawfaremedia.org/article/cybersecurity-and-least-cost-avoider), for a specific example, the supplier (vendor, maintainer, developer) should name/identify their software, because it costs more for anyone else to do it. Similar argument for vulnerability information (although the supplier doesn‚Äôt always know the most).  
* Patrick Garrity: We may need personas to find out who is the user, the stakeholders, their needs  
  * Jon (chat): And the incentives for each user persona. Some ‚Äúresearchers‚Äù today have low/no incentives to provide quality reports  
* Most recent annual report of the CVE system: [Cve25YearsAnniversaryReport.pdf](https://www.cve.org/Resources/Media/Cve25YearsAnniversaryReport.pdf)  
* Art (chat): ‚ÄúCVE requires 1\) description, 2\) public reference, 3\) affected software. The rest is technically optional.‚Äù

## Paste of the Zoom Chat
      
09:26:00 From Jay Jacobs to Everyone:  
	My biggest concern here is that we are not talking about creating a trusted global org, we are talking about creating ANOTHER trusted global org. We should acknowledge that every org (CISA, CVE foundation, EUVD, etc) all have a slide deck that looks like this one.  
	Art Manion:üëÜ  
      
09:30:25 From Art Manion to Everyone:  
	I very much agree with the need for global scope, especially for names/IDs. Many nations/governments will still have their own databases, so a global solution needs to account for these national systems (and ideally national systems would work with a global system).  
	Jean-Baptiste Maillet:üëç  
      
09:30:37 From Art Manion to Everyone:  
	Also (part of federation/distribution), efficiency matters, see https://www.lawfaremedia.org/article/cybersecurity-and-least-cost-avoider, for a specific example, the supplier (vendor, maintainer, developer) should name/identify their software, because it costs more for anyone else to do it. Similar argument for vulnerability information (although the supplier doesn‚Äôt always know the most).  
      
09:32:19 From Dirk-Willem van Gulik (dirkx) to Everyone:  
	I've just added to the meeting notes the most recent annual report of the CVE programme \- with effort and similar numbers.  
      
09:33:02 From Art Manion to Everyone:  
	I think to what Patrick is saying, the database design and ID generator aren't too difficult. It's running the program that gets expensive and it needs to be a long term commitment.  
	Patrick Garrity:üëç  
      
09:34:20 From Ross Hendrickson to Everyone:  
	Well said Patrick  
      
09:34:20 From CRob (OpenSSF) to Everyone:  
	As we proceed, we‚Äôll want to ensure we‚Äôve decomposed the problem down into several streams to ensure focus/clarity (and to ensure the correct stakeholders are engaged).  I see we collectively want to address the Vuln Identifiers, the additional data that goes along with that ID (think the ‚Äúenhancements‚Äù the NVD or an ADP provides), software identifiers, SBOMs, and finally advisories (a VDR, VEX, etc.).  In our talks to date, these adjacent streams are often conflated, which slows overall progress.  
      
09:36:00 From Prajeet Guha to Everyone:  
	An interim governance body that can work on coordination and get more organizations into this intiative will be good. In order to get larger organization, we may have to come up with a proof of concept of the idea that we want to represent and weigh into the fact how it is better compared to existing ones.  
      
09:36:48 From CRob (OpenSSF) to Everyone:  
	Rob++ CWE++  
	Spyros:üéâ  
	Ross Hendrickson:üíØ  
      
09:39:33 From Art Manion to Everyone:  
	Not to argue against CWE, but why do we want/need CWE? This is a sincere question that can/should be asked about every vulnerability information element (not just CWE).  
	Jean-Baptiste Maillet:üëç  
	Jean-Baptiste Maillet:üíØ  
      
09:39:39 From Art Manion to Everyone:  
	(I use CWE on a daily basis)  
      
09:39:46 From Patrick Garrity to Everyone:  
	Long Term Goals vs. Minimum Viable Product  
      
09:44:50 From Josh Bressers (Anchore) to Everyone:  
	Not to muddy the waters, but anyone who is interested in CWE should look at this sometime https://www.nist.gov/itl/ssd/software-quality-group/samate/bugs-framework-bf  
      
09:45:06 From Josh Bressers (Anchore) to Everyone:  
	I think TBF isn‚Äôt very active, but it‚Äôs a very cool idea  
      
09:46:36 From CRob (OpenSSF) to Everyone:  
	User stories \+ personas \++  
      
09:47:09 From jon to Everyone:  
	And the incentives for each user persona. Some ‚Äúresearchers‚Äù today have low/no incentives to provide quality reports  
	Patrick Garrity:üëç
