# Global Vulnerability Intelligence Project

Project Group Meeting Notes

## Monday June 2nd, 2025

### Participants:

| X=Attending | Name | Organisation | Email |
| :---- | :---- | :---- | :---- |
|  |  |  |  |
| x | Olle E. Johansson | OWASP / Edvina | oej@edvina.net |
| x | Christopher Robinson (CROB) | OpenSSF / Linux Foundation | christopher.robinson@linuxfoundation.org |
| x | Astor  | Open Forum Europe | astor@openforumeurope.org |
| x | Mikael Barbero | Eclipse Foundation | mikael.barbero@eclipse-foundation.org |
| x | Steve Springett | OWASP | steve.springett@owasp.org |
|  | Starr Brown | OWASP Foundation | starr.brown@owasp.com |
|  | Tobie Langel | Eclipse Foundation | tobie@unlockopen.com |

## Agenda:

1. **Presentations**  
2. **Project plan**  
   [https://docs.google.com/document/d/1hVnbdJsVt9rt7pey2NvKUI0D2avuO6JLNXWj5qLlNRA/edit?usp=sharing](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1hVnbdJsVt9rt7pey2NvKUI0D2avuO6JLNXWj5qLlNRA/edit?usp=sharing) 

   - Project plan approved with small changes
   - Will be published on Github (oej)


3. **Planning webinars**  
   [https://docs.google.com/document/d/1uKCjyQ7dvxhoq35f2sbZQbmMgqQoeCse9Z\_OaZLl0FY/edit?usp=sharing](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1uKCjyQ7dvxhoq35f2sbZQbmMgqQoeCse9Z_OaZLl0FY/edit?usp=sharing)  

   Webinar series approved. Olle will take a lead in booking and setting up meetings.

4. **Additional member organisation recruitment**  
   1. We want to be multistakeholder  
   2. For that we need   
      1. Government  
      2. NGO’s  
      3. Users, experts  
      4. Industry  
      5. Producers  
         1. Manufacturers  
         2. Open Source  
   3. We also need to reach global regions beyond Europe and north America

	*How do we do that, step by step?*

  - Open discussion
  - No specific actions


5. **Open issues**  

  - No open issue

6. **Time slot**  

   1. **Mondays 3.30 Bi-weekly**

  Action: OEJ will send out invite

## Notes:

- Steve: Phase one: **No documented threats that we’ll handle.** This will affect funding \- manufacturers will not fund a system that tells the world about the issues found in their own products  
  - Action:  
    - Perform threat model on the current CVE program  
    - OEJ/Steve S will discuss how to set this up  
- Steve: We need to design for hyperautomation  
  - Important to bring into process requirements  
  - OEJ will integrate into presentation  
- Technical work will be needed in phase one  
  - To be discussed in next meeting
- Crob got contacts with Mitre and CVE program to use for webinars
  - OEJ/CROB to proceed with this
- Need to document stakeholders 
  - governments  
  - Business  
  - Vendors  
  - Open Source  
  - Society / Government  
  Discussion to continue next meeting

- Our next project group meeting will be recorded and published  
  - Next meeting: In two weeks, Monday afternoon. OEJ has sent out invite.  
- Personas:  
  - https://docs.google.com/document/d/1KvpiT2LrKRJA0pd\_FAENvh4LQlNS2uD14xUH9tJy4GM/edit?usp=sharing

