# Global Vulnerability Intelligence Project

Project Group Meeting Notes

## Monday June 2nd, 2025

### Participants:

| X=Attending | Name | Organisation | Email |
| :---- | :---- | :---- | :---- |
|  |  |  |  |
| x | Olle E. Johansson | OWASP / Edvina | oej@edvina.net |
| x | Christopher Robinson (CROB) | OpenSSF / Linux Foundation | christopher.robinson@linuxfoundation.org |
|   | Astor  | Open Forum Europe | astor@openforumeurope.org |
|   | Mikael Barbero | Eclipse Foundation | mikael.barbero@eclipse-foundation.org |
|   | Steve Springett | OWASP | steve.springett@owasp.org |
|  | Starr Brown | OWASP Foundation | starr.brown@owasp.com |
|  | Tobie Langel | Eclipse Foundation | tobie@unlockopen.com |
| x | Tara Tarakiyee| Sovereign Tech Agency | tara@sovereign.tech |
| x | Roman Zhukov | OpenSSF/Red Hat | |
| x | Philippe Obbredanne | Aboutcode.org | pombredanne@aboutcode.org |

Agenda and notes:

* GVIP Summit update  
  * 8 seats left out of 75  
  * Good quality on registrations  
  * Time to start planning the next event  
    * Possibly Canada in Sept/Oct  
    * Need funding \- about 15.000 Euro  
    * Or again in Europe co-located with another event  
    * Oct 7-10 Open Source Summit Europe in Prague  
      * CROB/Olle will explore the opportunity (after FOSDEM)  
    * OWASP Appsec Vienna end of June  
    * Roman have an idea about funding (chat)  
* **FOSDEM BoF**
  * Scheduled for Saturday at 15  
* **GVIP Community meetings scheduled**  
  * Europe/ASIA: Wednesday February 25 at 9:00 Stockholm time (CET) | Sydney 19:00 (AEDT)  
  * Europe/Americas: Thursday February 26 at 16:30 Stockholm time (CET) | Ottawa 10:30 (EST)  
  *    
  * [https://www.gvip-project.org/community/](https://www.gvip-project.org/community/)  
* **GVIP insights** planned  
  * 20 minute recordings with one speaker  
  * Art Manion, Bob Lord, Jerry Gamblin, Adam Shostack, Steve Springett and others contacted (a while ago).  
  * GCVE Alexander, Circl.lu  
  * Balance US and non-US experts  
  * Will start planning details after FOSDEM  
* **New organisations**:  
  * Aboutcode \- agreed, will make public after FOSDEM  
* **Further expansion of the group:**  
  * Apache Software Foundation \- discussion will happen during FOSDEM, good support of the GVIP Summit \#01  
  * ECSO  
  * Objectives:  
    * Identify and engage key global stakeholders  
    * Ensure balanced representation across sectors  
    * Align technical, regulatory, and user perspectives  
    * Foster trust and cooperation toward a federated vulnerability platform  
  * Groups (suggestions based on open discussion):  
    * **Academia**  
    * **Civil society**: EFF, Consumers international  
    * **Governments & Authorities**: KISA, JPCERT, CISA, CERT-EU, ENISA  
    * **Industry**: Microsoft, Github, Google, Apple, Meta, Automotive  
    * **Finance**: FINOS  
    * The various ISACs  
    * **Standard bodies**: ECMA, ISO/IEC, CEN/CENELEC  
    * **Military**: NATO  
    * Others?  
  * OEJ needs help with contacts and priority\!  
  * Notes:  
    * A+O: Host a monthly call with foundations. CROB can reach out there  
    * IETF?  
    * FIRST, Serge \<- Priority\!  
    * We need a pitch deck, value proposal\!  
      * OEJ has a lot of slides  
    * Roman: Irish Cert/auth  
    * Crob: JPcert leads oceania work (india, malaysia etc) KISA (Korea)  
    * ISRG?  
* Other issues  
  * CRA and KEVs: Maybe look into Misp  
    * KEV is only US government  
    * KEV for EU? Maybe EUVD ? Single reporting platform delayed  
      * \[CRob\] \- KEVs are issued for products that the US government uses or is known to be used in critical infrastructure (power, water, etc.).  So KEV is used to instruct the [us.gov](http://us.gov) what to focus on, but the software is used beyond, therefore is more applicable to others.  
    * Threat intel is a good topic  
    * CRA categories  
      * **Exploited vulnerability \= KEV**  
      * Exploitable   
      * Vulnerability  
    * Is it time to propose a standard \=\> Vuln disc wg in OpenSSF  
      * VEX could be applicable  
    * Including KEV in GVIP scope of work from a global standard issue  
    * We’re risking an interoperability mess  
    * How do we get more KEVs closer to exploit?  
  * Philippe: OpenSSL vulnerability is different from OpenSSL packaged in a distro  
    * People use packaged software  
    * Affected binaries  
    * This is interesting  
    * Maybe a topic for a Community Meeting?  
  * Philippe: Compliance \= “least possible stuff”, security \=” I want to secure my business”  
    * GVIP can make impact buy making these two converge  
