# Global Vulnerability Intelligence Project

Project Group Meeting Notes

## Monday June 2nd, 2025

### Participants:

| X=Attending | Name | Organisation | Email |
| :---- | :---- | :---- | :---- |
|  |  |  |  |
| x | Olle E. Johansson | OWASP / Edvina | oej@edvina.net |
|   | Christopher Robinson (CROB) | OpenSSF / Linux Foundation | christopher.robinson@linuxfoundation.org |
|   | Astor  | Open Forum Europe | astor@openforumeurope.org |
|   | Mikael Barbero | Eclipse Foundation | mikael.barbero@eclipse-foundation.org |
|   | Steve Springett | OWASP | steve.springett@owasp.org |
|  | Starr Brown | OWASP Foundation | starr.brown@owasp.com |
|  | Tobie Langel | Eclipse Foundation | tobie@unlockopen.com |
| x | Tara Tarakiyee| Sovereign Tech Agency | tara@sovereign.tech |
|   | Roman  hukov | OpenSSF/Red Hat | |
| x | Yogeesh Mittal | Red Hat | |
| x | Philippe Obbredanne | Aboutcode.org | pombredanne@aboutcode.org |
| x | Alistair Woodman | Erlang Ecosystem Foundation | awoodman@erlef.org |

Agenda and notes:

* **New members**:  
  * Jonatan Männchen, EEF  
  * Yogeesh Mittal, Red Hat

* **Protocol from last meeting**

  Approved

* **Fosdem followup**
  * Summit01:
    * Good attendance  
    * Positive that authorities participated openly  
  * BoF:  
    * Around 50 people

* **Discussions about membership**  
  * [FIRST.org](http://FIRST.org)  
    * P-cert sig looking for new chair, will create new charter  
  * ECSO - contact exist
  * Apache software foundation  
  * Old todos:  
    * A+O: Host a monthly call with foundations. CROB can reach out there  
  * JPcert (Crob)  
  * Finos (OEJ)  
  * OpenUK, Amanda Brock (Alistair introduction)  
  * OpenChain (Automotive, Telco) (OEJ talks with Jimmy A)

* **GVIP Technical advisory group**  
  * Send call for members  
    * OEJ will invite interested parties  
  * Starting point could be a KEV standard format  
    * See previous notes  
    * YM: No fixed rule or method
 
* **GVIP Community meetings**  
  * Low number of registrations, but still a few weeks ahead  
  * Europe/ASIA: Wednesday February 25 at 9:00 Stockholm time (CET) | Sydney 19:00 (AEDT)  
  * Europe/Americas: Thursday February 26 at 16:30 Stockholm time (CET) | Ottawa 10:30 (EST)  
  *    
  * [https://www.gvip-project.org/community/](https://www.gvip-project.org/community/)  

* **GVIP Insights recordings**  
  * Asked, will do but later  
    * Adam Shostack  
    * Jerry Gamblin  
  * Many people on the wishlist, will send out requests for scheduling  
  * Schedule here: [https://www.gvip-project.org/insights/recordings/](https://www.gvip-project.org/insights/recordings/)  
    * Let me know if you want to be part of this \- and when\!  

* **GVIP Summit \#02, FAll 26**  
  * Possibly in Prague, co-located with LF Open Source Summit  
  * Maybe Ottawa, Canada  

* **Presentation of the project group on the web site?**  
  * Can we get a  
    * Picture  
    * Name, title  
    * Short bio  
  * of everyone (that wants to) for the web site?  

* **Public appearances:**
  * Truesec customer meeting, Stockholm, March 5 (OEJ)  
  * Open Source security podcast, to be released soon  
  * Other conferences  
    * OCX (Eclipse, Brussels)  
    * OWASP Appsec Vienna  
    * Alistair will send a list  

* **OSV2 update** from CROB (if time permits)
  * Crob did not attend

* ** Old todo’s:**
  * Pitch deck for new organisations (OEJ)  
  
* **Other issues**
  * Charter or roadmap  
    * OEJ to work on it
  * A format for sharing CVEs “directly” ?  
    * .well-known list  
    * Needs a scanner  
    * TEA?